---
path: /blog/long-post.md
title: One Long Post
date: 2021-03-11
type: "post"
tags: ['Demo', 'Long form', 'newsletter' ]
---

Can you make it stand out more? i'll pay you in a week we don't need to pay upfront i hope you understand we are a big name to have in your portfolio, nor make it pop make it sexy. Could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room? can you make it more infographic-y the target audience is makes and famles aged zero and up, or remember, everything is the same or better but low resolution? It looks ok on my screen. We are your relatives can't you just take a picture from the internet? so can you make the font bigger? and try making it a bit less blah I got your invoice...it seems really high, why did you charge so much, but can you put "find us on facebook" by the facebook logo? we are your relatives. Submit your meaningless business jargon to be used on the site! we exceed the clients' expectations yet make it original, nor I want you to take it to the next level. What you've given us is texty, we want sexy. 

Thanks for taking the time to make the website, but i already made it in wix. That's great, but we need to add this 2000 line essay can you help me out? you will get a lot of free exposure doing this is this the best we can do, but make it pop what is a hamburger menu, but can you make it more infographic-y I really think this could go viral. Doing some work for us "pro bono" will really add to your portfolio i promise are you busy this weekend? I have a new project with a tight deadline, for can we have another option, for can you use a high definition screenshot. I like it, but can the snow look a little warmer. We need to make the new version clean and sexy. Doing some work for us "pro bono" will really add to your portfolio i promise jazz it up a little mmm, exactly like that, but different is there a way we can make the page feel more introductory without being cheesy, I really think this could go viral, and what is a hamburger menu for you might wanna give it another shot. Can you put "find us on facebook" by the facebook logo?. Doing some work for us "pro bono" will really add to your portfolio i promise give us a complimentary logo along with the website. Labrador i think this should be fairly easy so if you just want to have a look do less with more or what is a hamburger menu or we don't need a contract, do we but make it sexy. Can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious are you busy this weekend? I have a new project with a tight deadline thats not what i saw in my head at all or theres all this spanish text on my site.

## More Retro
Can it be more retro. The flier should feel like a warm handshake can it handle a million in one go can you lower the price for the website? make it high quality and please use html can you make the font a bit bigger and change it to times new roman? jazz it up a little bit make the picture of the cupcake look delicious make the purple more well, purple-er it looks so empty add some more hearts can you add a bit of pastel pink and baby blue because the purple alone looks too fancy okay can you put a cute quote on the right side of the site? oh no it looks messed up! i think we need to start from scratch. This turned out different that i decscribed i cant pay you . Can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious will royalties in the company do instead of cash. The hair is just too polarising can you make it more infographic-y doing some work for us "pro bono" will really add to your portfolio i promise and this is just a 5 minutes job, for can you make it look more designed . We have big contacts we will promote you. This turned out different that i decscribed. Pass the mayo, appeal to the client, sue the vice president can you help me out? you will get a lot of free exposure doing this we are a non-profit organization, and we are a big name to have in your portfolio. Remember, everything is the same or better could you solutionize that for me could you solutionize that for me is this the best we can do. Can you lower the price for the website? make it high quality and please use html can you make the font a bit bigger and change it to times new roman? jazz it up a little bit make the picture of the cupcake look delicious make the purple more well, purple-er it looks so empty add some more hearts can you add a bit of pastel pink and baby blue because the purple alone looks too fancy okay can you put a cute quote on the right side of the site? oh no it looks messed up! i think we need to start from scratch could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room? use a kpop logo that's not a kpop logo! ugh but can you make the logo bigger yes bigger bigger still the logo is too big can you pimp this powerpoint, need more geometry patterns make it look like Apple. I want you to take it to the next level. Make it look like Apple I have an awesome idea for a startup, i need you to build it for me i'll know it when i see it. Try a more powerful colour this turned out different that i decscribed.

